Oh
epic duel time is brought to you by mary
mac games and comics check them out on
facebook visit their site at merrimack
gamescom whats up youtube ever from that
patrol time here a lot of you guys
Express the I don't want to see some
pack openings or something I don't know
so I got a couple boxes of judgment of
the light I like the set I think it's
pretty nifty this 17 and I'm looking for
shout out to merrimack games and comics
hooked us up with a great deal on it
they're our sponsor and yeah so I'm
going to do one box in this video in one
box that second video so I'll put some
off to the side and all just open this
one and then i'll have like a link to
the in the description if you want to
see like ah the other box get opened
again i don't do a ton of packing box
opens just isn't mostly i don't even buy
sell product that much but like almost
invited cuz i think it's neat
alright judgmentally I went to sneak
peek last week I am I feel pretty well
but um so yeah I get 24 packs in and
pull everything I was looking for but
again a two-pump oh cool alright
starting off pretty well I gotta bujin
Yamato all the good photos like right
here on the side alright that's a good
start this number 104 thing constrain it
was all situated 102 thing no no fit all
right make sure wasn't like
hallucinating and miss reading them bhuj
intends to some no whoa think he's
pretty good got some got googly eyes
HTS i mith and are confronting the sea
it's not really good like flying see
that it's pretty good card fold up a
couple of those sneak peek nothing here
can already go over all the rears and
stuff it's not really that interesting
to me fish poor Greta it's pretty good
yeah I mean like I'm not really one of
those people who opens a lot of sealed
product I just kind of open it open it
for fun and I look for some things that
crapping your tour bus card got a fish
borgert reza pishro Archer is really
sweet he's you're getting mermail
another 10 to another fish board
Rochester three of them in this box
alone some level 8 fire fist thing
synchro doesn't look very good maybe I'm
wrong
nothing another fish board retreat
crappy fire fist we're trapped rick
strap whole nightmare some more trapped
rick stuff that's in regard to type to
trap tricks they're very cool star legal
axiom haven't pulled my super yet maybe
i will soon more confronting the sea
getting a lot of these like junky little
exceeds its a lot of those in the set
it's funny because i remember when like
we started getting it's easy or so like
they're so few and now there's just like
so many of them is interesting the trap
tricks rare bujin coordination this
guy's cute cheap cheap cheap I like him
a lot my girlfriend like some ball hole
baby birds pretty neat ah some mecha
phantom beast rare all right coming down
on the last five packs boot gingy we
then
okay I don't know it is and oh this is
cool this is the new level for synchro I
like him underworld fighter balm on he
is kind of neat I do like him I think
he's very cool uh oh good my secret
normal night Greyston it's pretty okay
not the secret I want it obviously but
it's pretty okay butch incarnation
another version rare nice strong foil be
really good right now random rare yeah
okay some other rare all right so all
along bucks wasn't she terrible I full
of bujin stuff got the Yamato the Exies
and the dry sins pretty good the rest of
these are kind of ant I like this
because I wanted one but yeah so that's
all check out the other video I'm going
to link it down in the description below
you have the box opening so like comment
subscribe and keep doing America
you